# 🏛 Fourth Meeting  

**📅 Date:** April 11, 2025  
**🕙 Time:** 10:00 PM – 11:00 PM (AEST)  
**🖥 Location:** Zoom  
**🔗 Zoom Link:** [Join Zoom Meeting](https://unimelb.zoom.us/j/81809831026?pwd=c222FVybp1Lbabu6bYXRtzeaaO5mdP.1)  

## 👥 Participants  
1. Muath Almahasin  
2. Abdulrahman Alaql  
3. Arulanantham Anujan Anandakumar  
4. Yifei Wang  
5. Zhang Xu  

---

## 📌 Meeting Agenda

1️⃣ **Mentor Feedback**  
- Discuss mentor feedback on the wiki structure:  
  - Functionality and non-functionality aspects should be in scope  
  - Issues Should be written in the dashboard task  
  - Add Risk Assessments  
  - Create developer branch  
  - README file needs to be more detailed; ensure everyone can run it  
  - Find standard for Quality Assurance and Code Review  

2️⃣ **Third Stakeholder Meeting Follow-Up**  
- Reflect on the feedback provided during the meeting on April 9, 2025  
- Ensure team alignment with stakeholder expectations  

3️⃣ **Next Assignment Requirements**  
- Discuss upcoming assignment requirements  
- Plan a collaborative approach for task division and delivery  

4️⃣ **Sprint 2 Planning**  
- Outline goals and deliverables for Sprint 2  
- Assign responsibilities and plan for the sprint backlog  
- Arrange the meeting - Product Owner - Scrum Master - Developers  

---

## 📋 Meeting Minutes

In this meeting, we addressed all agenda items and outlined key action points and responsibilities.

### 1️⃣ Mentor Feedback on Wiki Structure and Code Quality

We reviewed mentor suggestions regarding the Wiki and project code, including:

- **Functionality and non-functionality aspects** must be clearly defined and in scope — *assigned to: Arulanantham Anujan Anandakumar*  
- **Issues need to be created and tracked** within the dashboard — *assigned to: Arulanantham Anujan Anandakumar*  
- **Risk assessment** needs to be drafted — *assigned to: Muath Almahasin*  
- **Developer branch** needs to be created — *assigned to: Zhang Xu*  
- **README file** must be made more detailed and accessible — *assigned to: Yifei Wang*  
- **QA/Code Review standards** should be agreed on and documented — *assigned to: Abdulrahman Alaql*  
- **The group meeting needs to be documented** — *assigned to: Muath Almahasin*

📌 **Note:** These points must be addressed **before the next mentor meeting which will be on April 16, 2025**

---

### 2️⃣ Stakeholder Feedback Finalization

- The feedback from the **April 9, 2025** stakeholder meeting needs to be finalized by **Sunday, April 13**  
- The **Product Owner and all team members** must review and ensure the feedback is **reflected in future iterations** to meet stakeholder expectations  
- Everyone should contribute to revising the feedback document  

---

### 3️⃣ Assignment Responsibilities and Due Dates

| Task                              | Assigned To                                  | Due Date   |
|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------|
| Project Documentation & Organisation | Arulanantham Anujan Anandakumar             | April 22   |
| Agile Tasks & Progress            | Arulanantham Anujan Anandakumar & Zhang Xu   | April 22   |
| Sprint Review & Planning with Industry Partners | Muath Almahasin & Yifei Wang       | April 13   |
| Ethical Considerations            | Muath Almahasin                               | April 22   |
| Code Review & Quality Standards   | Abdulrahman Alaql                             | April 25   |
| Product Demonstration & Deployment| Yifei Wang                                    | April 22   |
| Cyber Security Considerations     | Muath Almahasin                               | April 22   |

---

### 4️⃣ Sprint 2 Planning and Coordination

We will be holding our next **Group 4 meeting** on **Sunday, April 14, 2025**, from **10:00 PM to 11:00 PM (AEST)** via Zoom to focus on **Sprint 2 Planning**.

- This will be a **planning session** led by the **Scrum Master/Product Owner** and developers  
- The goal is to **set up the backlog** and **assess user stories** based on feedback and assignment requirements  
- **Yifei** will explain how to **run the code** and support other members with deployment-related questions  
- Everyone is expected to contribute actively to ensure that the sprint planning aligns with deliverables and stakeholder expectations  
- Please ensure the **latest stakeholder feedback** is fully **documented in the Wiki** before this meeting — *assigned to: Muath Almahasin & Yifei Wang*

📅 **Date:** April 14, 2025  
🕙 **Time:** 10:00 PM – 11:00 PM (AEST)  
🔗 **Zoom Link:** [Join Zoom Meeting](https://unimelb.zoom.us/rec/share/OApzix-EWyu8dnwekWOy1fabAtZXNLvV3-FUENE78Ox5W3ofSuQgLP8ljbk4nYWz.FzPEZ9_cR8oWM81F)  
🔒 **Password:** &x9ch2  
